everybody selling a late 2005 Ford Focus
it's an SES model it's a zx5 it has
almost new Goodyear tires on it lots of
tread
off four starts right up PA inspected
until April
all the lights work I'm averaging about
30 miles per gallon on this car have the
owner's manual purchase this car in fit
and actually in January and this car was
hit in the front it was hit hi had to
replace the hood also the front lights
we replace replace two felt like the
radiator support this is this did not
get well this was repaired this is just
the grille was replaced also it took an
engine mount right over here and a
camshaft cover I've put about six
thousand miles on it and it runs very
well it has 85,000 miles on it now
front fender was original on both sides
bumper cover was replaced nothing was
done to the doors were no paintwork on
the doors also the roof roof was all
nothing done to that and the rear of the
car
door panels or interior door panels are
all in great condition
mentioned it as a 2005 air conditioning
works fine great
the factory floor mats I don't have them
in a couple little dings here that were
touched up
alloy wheels are almost perfect
it's really a great car I mean I like I
said I drove it for six foot six
thousand miles on it I really enjoy it
it's uh it's got a lot of pickup - it
shifts fine shifts perfectly
mention to you does have 85,000 miles on
it
no check engine lights come on
turn your conditioner blows cool it's
got a six changer CD player
it's great Sam
as also controls over here right over
here so if you want to bring the volume
up you can bring the volume great you
take the volume down the cruise control
is on the steering wheel mention t that
the airbags in this car were not
deployed windows will work perfect
headliners in great condition doesn't
have any smells wasn't smoked in
everything works
anyway if you're interested in this car
give me a call my name is Al and my
number is seven five two zero five nine
nine at seven one seven area code again
seven five two zero five nine nine
Thanks